(Episode 15)
I'll register her as my daughter.
I'll say I had her late.
If you can do that for us,
I'll keep quiet about it.
Raising Han Gyul is a problem in itself,
but if my mom finds out,
she'll never let us live together.
All right. The solution is...
for me to raise Han Gyul.
My gosh. Young Hye won't listen to me.
How do I convince her?
Han Gyul, let's wash up.
What is it? What were you looking at?
It's okay. You can show me.
Do you miss Dad?
When is he coming home?
I understand.
You have to stay together.
Let's see the end of this.
(Share the Love Campaign)
I thought you weren't feeling well,
Ms. Hong. Are you all right?
Yes.
I heard you were holding a bazaar,
and I also wanted to see So Won.
That's why I'm here.
It's good to see you here.
You have a daughter now,
so take her around with you.
Don't worry about what other people say,
and you have to be brazen about it.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
You should be thinking,
"My husband is still alive."
It's something to be proud of.
Oh, dear. Hello, baby.
Please go in. So Won will be here soon.
Let's go in.
Are you really not going?
I'm not going.
I'm getting a divorce soon. I have no time to help the unfortunates.
Yeon Ju, I beg you.
Let's be reasonable about this.
She's my child, so I have to raise her.
Please don't let me be more guilty about this.
Do you think it's reasonable to raise a child I don't know...
and whose mother is my husband's first love?
Don't you think this is too cruel?
Then what do you want me to do?
Do you want me to be shameless and abandon my own child?
I never said that!
Father said he'll raise her.
Rather than having a delinquent stepmom like me,
Mother and Father will raise her well since they have experience.
Yeon Ju.
Why do you want to raise her?
Do you even want us to stay together?
If we listen to Father, there'll be nothing wrong with us.
Mom will be okay with it too. Everything will be fine,
so why are you making a big deal trying to raise her?
How many times do I have to tell you?
She's my own child.
Even Han Gyul knows that I'm her dad.
You want me to ignore that and act like her brother?
Nobody took care of her. She's had a poor life.
Do you want me to abandon her again?
I don't know about that.
Do you feel sorry for her and not me?
Don't you feel bad that I'm going to become that child's mom?
Whenever you look at her, you'll think about your first love.
How am I supposed to live with that?
I don't want to delay this anymore.
I'll tell Mother once the bazaar is over today.
I'm going to kill myself then!
Would you be okay with that?
Please be considerate of me.
If you consider me half as much as your daughter, please...
please let this one go.
What did I do wrong?
If my mom finds out about this, we have to get a divorce.
We have to get a divorce. Please.
Are you looking for something?
Yes. I'm looking for a ring.
Is it for a present?
Yes, it's for my wife.
Which one do you recommend?
Let me see.
This is the most popular design in our store.
It's pretty.
How much is it?
- Is this the price? - Sorry?
It's expensive, but it's a bribe. I guess this will do.
Okay. I'll take this.
Please wrap it up nicely.
What is your wife's ring size?
Ring size?
I didn't know such thing existed.
Oh, dear. Who should I ask?
Please give me a moment.
The person you are trying to reach is not available.
Please try back later.
My gosh. What is she doing not picking up her phone?
Ms. Hong, what do you think about this color?
Your face is light like white flour,
so this will look nice on you.
No, it's okay.
The color is too fancy.
No, no. We have to change...
your body to look young.
You have to attend your daughter's parent nights at school.
Other parents are old enough to be your daughter.
You have to dress young,
so that you don't look so old.
Get this.
Get this. Listen to me.
Wait...
Where did she go? Han Gyul.
- Please take this for me. - Sure.
Han Gyul. Han Gyul?
Han Gyul.
Young lady.
Is there a kid here somewhere? The one with big eyes?
Look for her.
Han Gyul.
Why are you out here?
I told you to stand by me.
If you get lost, you'll be in trouble.
Let's go back in, okay?
Why? You don't want to?
You don't want to go in?
Why not?
Tell me. It's okay.
Dad... My dad.
When is he coming?
Were you waiting for him here?
Okay. I'll call him and ask when he's coming.
Mom.
So Won.
What are you doing here?
Han Gyul missed you,
so I brought her with me.
How are you, Han Gyul?
You said you wanted to see him. Why are you hiding?
Mom, shall we go for tea?
Han Gyul, come with me.
That's all right. He's your dad.
Hi, Yeon Ju.
Somehow, you turned me into the vicious one here.
Mother, we need to talk.
Is there something you want to tell me in private?
It has to do with Han Gyul, doesn't it?
What is it that you really want?
What do you mean?
Do you really want us to get a divorce?
Yeon Ju.
If that's not your intention, how could you bring her here?
It hasn't been a week that I've found out...
that So Won has a baby.
I know how you must feel now.
She kept asking for her dad.
And I heard he was off today.
I wanted to let her see her dad just for a minute.
Even so! That can't be an excuse for bringing her here!
You know too well...
that my mom will make sure I divorce So Won...
if she finds out that Han Gyul is his daughter.
But there's no way secrets can stay hidden forever.
She's asking for her dad every day.
I can't separate them...
and make a father and a daughter into a brother and sister.
If that's the best option, then there's nothing I can do.
That's the only option we have.
Are you implying I should divorce him for the sake of the girl?
Is that what you want, Mother?
Yeon Ju.
I'll answer honestly...
since you asked.
I know...
that I'm asking too much, and I'm so embarrassed to ask you,
but I hope...
you can accept her as your daughter.
What... Do you think that makes sense?
Even you passed out, and said that you couldn't raise her.
How could you expect me to raise her?
I see. Since I'm not your daughter,
and she's related to you by blood, you're only looking out for her, no?
How could you force me to do something...
that even you couldn't do yourself?
You're right. I can't do it.
But you can.
Do you know why?
Because you love So Won.
Even though Han Gyul isn't my daughter,
I can raise her as long as I put my mind to it.
But if I do,
So Won will live his entire life in guilt.
And what about that poor girl's life?
So Won...
isn't someone who can...
live happily after abandoning his own daughter.
If he lives with a guilty conscience,
do you think you and he can form a healthy family together?
Yeon Ju.
Right now, it will be very hard,
but if you have any desire to continue living with So Won,
I hope...
you can accept her as your daughter.
Please, Yeon Ju.
I...
will help you with the hard and difficult parts of raising her.
No. I am not following you at all.
The only thing I know is...
that I will neither divorce him...
nor raise that kid.
Whatever it takes, I will get pregnant as soon as possible...
with a baby who is more beautiful than that kid there.
When that happens, So Won will change his mind.
You should just raise that kid.
That's the only thing I'll ask of you.
Hi, Yeon Ju.
I was about to call you.
Do you happen to know your mother-in-law's ring size?
I need to know her size to bribe her.
You should come and measure her finger yourself.
She's with me right now.
She is? Okay. Then are you in Mok-dong now?
No, she came to my mom's bazaar.
And she brought Han Gyul with her.
What?
Where is the bazaar?
Is it good?
I'll give you some.
You should eat. I'm full.
What is it?
Dad. When are you leaving?
Why?
Do you not want me to leave?
Come here, Han Gyul.
I'm sorry.
Wait a bit longer, and we'll be able to live together soon.
You can wait until then, right?
This is so heavy.
That witch. How dare she?
She wants me to buy a plant to keep her skin moisturized?
Gosh, my life is a series of tearjerking events.
I've only had contract jobs.
I knew that the fate of my career would be complicated,
but this job is one of the most extreme jobs. Darn it.
Gosh, my fingers. This is so heavy.
What?
What is he doing?
Gosh, I almost had a miscarriage even though I'm not even pregnant.
He's unbelievable!
(Proposal for development of a new dish)
(Jung Tae Yang and Lee Ru Ri)
Chef No,
do you think this could get selected as the new menu?
You should take a look at Chef Jung's and get prepared.
Gosh, this is a catch-22 situation.
Should I, an amazing chef, copy this lousy proposal?
This is embarrassing.
Why are you doing busywork?
Well, Chef No, this wasn't my task.
Excuse me. What do you think you're doing?
You stole my cleaning task yesterday too.
Do you want me to get fired?
No, that wasn't my intention.
From the look of it,
it looks like you're here on a contract too.
Let's not go after each other's job.
We should help each other out.
You're stealing my tasks to make a good impression on Manager Joo.
She's pretty.
What is it? Do you think you can you do it?
Yes. I'd like to try.
Are you sure?
Okay. Give it a try.
Yes!
Don't try to overachieve from the beginning.
You might hurt your finger.
Okay.
That's quite an improvement.
I improved, didn't I? This is all thanks to you, Chef Jung.
I wanted to use this knife,
so I stayed late every night and practiced in secret.
I'm proud of you.
Can you do this too?
Yes. Leave it to me, Chef Jung.
Here.
It's going to be the side-dish, so make it as pretty as you can.
Of course. Don't worry, Chef Jung.
- Are you done? - What?
Let me see.
But...
Show me.
You use the knife so well. Rice balls are nothing.
- It's not... - Let me see.
It's not done yet.
What can this be?
Ru Ri, I beg you. Please don't have daughters.
- Why not? - If you can't make this pretty,
I heard you'll have ugly daughters.
Why are you worried about how my daughter would look like?
She won't be just your daughter.
Dad, can you buy me lunch?
I have something to report to you,
and I want to go on a date with you.
Oh, dear. I already made plans.
Let's go on a date next time.
Who are you meeting?
My friend.
A friend?
My dad has a friend?
Get in.
We can go with my car.
I thought we were friends.
Don't feel uncomfortable. Get in.
What? It's Tae Yang again?
Hey, the side-dish is rice balls.
- Did you note it down? - Yes, I did.
But what we're doing is so trashy.
Stop acting up.
How is it going?
Did you copy Tae Yang's proposal?
Don't worry.
I'm making plans in my head to upgrade it.
Who told you to upgrade it?
Copy the sauce and side-menu as it is.
Stop acting up.
People will talk about it for copying his recipe exactly.
I told you already.
I'll take care of the rest.
Watch and learn.
I'll make sure he gets humiliated during this evaluation.
How is the preparation going for your first evaluation tomorrow?
It's going great. I'm finished with the main dish,
and I'm working on the sauce.
You can look forward to it, Chairman Kevin.
He's an incredible chef whom I can learn a lot from.
Is he?
This is our trio's first meeting, so we can't let it end like this.
You two should have beer without me.
It's okay.
She's allergic to alcohol, so she can't even have a glass.
Really?
You know each other so well. Are you...
guys dating?
- Yes. - No.
It's not like that at all.
He's my mentor.
Is that it?
Aren't you seeing anybody?
Chairman Kevin, she is actually...
He has many friends,
but he doesn't have a girlfriend.
He doesn't have one.
Then can I introduce you to a nice young lady?
- You can't. - Yes.
Never.
You can't do that.
Why are you so against it?
Sorry?
Well...
I'm going to focus on work for now.
Sure.
But don't become a workaholic. You'll turn into me.
You need to find love too.
Chairman Kevin, may I ask a question?
Of course.
To be true friends, you have to know each other well.
I heard that you live on your own.
Is that true?
Is that what people say?
Yes, I heard you're really fussy, so you don't even look at women.
Do I look like that to you?
Like I've never fallen in love?
No.
It's just my thought, but I think...
you had a heartache in the past.
I think it was really heartbreaking that you got hurt by it.
Is that true?
I regret every morning when I open my eyes.
I want to go back to that time.
And if I go back,
I want to meet her again and live happily with her.
You must have loved her a lot.
Did I?
I did everything for you.
Why are you trying to leave me?
Why?
If I did, I wouldn't have regrets.
I think I can't forget about her because I didn't do that.
It's so quiet now because of me.
Right. Tell me about your family.
We're a large, happy family.
I live with my parents and two younger siblings.
I'm envious of your blessings.
Yes, but before we got to this stage,
my mom went through so much.
She went through many failures before she became happy.
Is that right?
Your mom is incredible.
Bravo.
Your steps are not ordinary.
Shall we dance, madam?
No thanks.
I don't like a man like weasels.
How does a magpie sound then?
Goodness.
It's been a while since I laughed like this.
I know. It's finally peaceful at home.
My mom stirred it up,
and Woo Joo made it worse.
That's not the end.
I lived as a criminal for 30 years,
thinking that Tae Yang's dad is dead. But he's alive,
so I feel much relieved.
You know that you're a lucky woman, right?
Of course.
I have something to discuss with you about.
What is it?
I want to look for my sister.
Your sister?
Your sister who's in Seattle?
We got separated when I ran away to Korea.
Since then, she doesn't know what happened to me.
I never even sent her a letter.
She must be worried about me.
Is there a way to find her?
Mi Joo was her favorite student,
so they might still be in contact.
We should be careful about this.
It feels like you're digging up your past...
from the grave.
Nothing will happen.
If Tae Yang's dad, whom I thought was dead, is alive,
I'm not a criminal anymore.
Sure. I must be acting too sensitively.
Let's meet up with Mi Joo.
Ta-da.
Where did you get this?
Dad registered me for the beauty class and got this for me.
This is so cool.
This is your first task. Transform me into a new person.
Move it. Pumpkins don't become watermelons...
no matter how hard I try.
Are you saying I'm a pumpkin?
- Transform me. - It hurts.
(Witch Grandma)
This is driving me crazy.
What do I do?
I told you never to. show her the necklace.
She calls me several times a day to ask us to meet again.
That witch. She's obsessed.
Should I just show it to her?
Nothing will happen to it. She said she'll help Tae Yang.
I don't know. I don't have a good feeling.
She's going to come to school then.
Let's just show her quickly and come back.
Woo Joo, let's do that.
(Chief of Food Laboratory, Choi Sun Young)
Why is she being so hesitant?
Did her mom find out about it?
Grandma, we'll go there right now.
You need to give it back to me right away after seeing it.
She's naive like her dad.
Did you hear anything from Seattle?
They will send us Anna Kang's file soon.
Do you have any news about her husband or sister?
Fortunately, they found a man named "Jay" that owned...
a restaurant in Seattle 30 years ago.
Really?
Then what is the real name of Jung Hwa Young's ex-husband?
They said it was "Jay Young".
Jay Young?
Where is he right now?
They're looking for him, so they'll tell us as soon as they find out.
He's a second-generation Korean named Jay Young.
It will be easy to find him...
if Eun Byul shows me his picture.
Mi Joo, welcome to our house.
You really married well.
Are you complimenting him before even tasting them?
I'm happy to see that you're living happily.
Are those your children?
Yes, they're my treasures.
You must have had a hard time to live happily like this.
Forget about the past,
and be happy.
Since you brought up the subject,
I have a favor to ask you.
What favor?
Hwa Young wants to find her sister.
Have you heard anything about her?
Professor Sarah Kang?
It's been 30 years since I've seen her.
I want to know if she's alive or not, at least.
I'm still in touch with some classmates from the academy.
I'll ask around about her.
Thank you.
I won't forget to thank you if I can only find my sister.
Let's eat.
I lost hope, but you made me have hope now.
Hwa Young.
I have...
something to apologize to you.
What is it?
Do you remember...
that woman you told me about before?
Choi Sun Young?
Did she visit you again?
Did you tell...
her about me?
I had no choice.
She blackmailed me that she would report my business to discontinue.
But I didn't tell her much.
I just told her your real name...
and that Jay was the name of your ex-husband.
That's it.
We need to stop her.
Let's finish this in any means possible.
Please come here and take Mother.
She's here with Han Gyul.
Darn it. That woman.
She's about to ruin her son's life.
Why would she take the kid there?
I can't believe this.
So Won.
Is Han Gyul asleep? Give her to me.
Oh, my.
Okay.
She was asking for you so much.
She must really like being with you.
Mom, I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry to me.
You need to be sorry to your wife and Han Gyul.
I don't know what I should do.
This is the mistake I made.
It's hard to handle this.
Don't say anything weak like that, and keep it together.
As you said,
it's your life, and it's your mistake.
Don't make your father take responsibility for this.
You need to be responsible for this from now on.
I want to, but things are going against my will.
How can I persuade Yeon Ju?
How will I persuade Mother,
let alone Yeon Ju?
So will you neglect her again?
She knows everything.
How will you raise her as your sister?
Things are complicated because I want to raise her as my daughter.
So Won.
People will do...
everything for their children.
That's how precious children are.
Do you think you can live well after abandoning her?
Don't think about any other ways.
I'm happy...
that you're rich and successful.
But no matter how hard it is,
I wish you would do your duties as a human being.
Mom.
You're all here.
Come in.
It's okay. Han Gyul's asleep,
so I need to go.
You can't do that. The bazaar is almost over.
Since the whole family is here,
let's have a dinner together.
Please come in.
So Won, hurry and come in.
You're here.
Why are you crying?
Did your Mother-in-law say something to you?
Please go in.
I think I'll get a divorce.
That's ridiculous.
I told you this before. I'll persuade your mother-in-law for you.
So don't worry about anything.
Just be careful in front of your mom.
Okay.
You're the only person on my side.
Yes, there's nothing to worry about.
I'll handle So Won and your mother-in-law today for you.
Trust me.
Okay.
Goodness.
Ms. Hong, cover the baby with this.
It's okay. You don't have to do this.
What are you talking about?
She's the precious sister of So Won.
Cover her with this.
Our precious child.
Let's raise the temperature of the air conditioner.
Chairwoman Yang?
Yes?
You promised...
to find a bigger size for my pants.
Oh, my goodness.
I forgot about it for a moment.
The larger sizes...
are in the warehouse.
Wait outside for a minute.
- Okay. - Just a moment, please.
Wait a minute.
Hey.
So Won, I'm going to leave.
Tell her later.
Oh, my. Honey?
- Why are you here? - Father.
You're so eager to ruin your son's life.
Honey, calm down.
Let's talk outside.
How can I calm down?
Why is it so loud out there?
How could you bring the child here?
Are you out of your mind?
Okay, it's my fault.
Let's talk outside.
So Won, leave with Han Gyul.
Leave first.
Okay.
Honey, let's talk outside.
Are you winding me up?
Why did you do this if you're so scared right now?
Do you think I would change my mind...
if you keep provoking me?
Oh, my.
Or are you trying to blackmail me?
Are you blackmailing me by being around Mrs. Yang...
to tell her the truth if you're angry?
What are they talking about?
What truth is there to tell me?
Honey, calm down. Mrs. Yang will hear you.
Why did you do this when you're so scared like this?
I'm going to tell you one more time.
Don't be confused and listen well.
Han Gyul is...
clearly my child.
She's not So Won's child.
She is Lee Shin Mo's daughter.
Daughter.
What are they talking about?
Han Gyul is...
not So Won's child.
She is...
Mr. Lee's daughter?
I asked her to bring your dad. Why did she bring you out here?
No, he's my dad.
Mrs. Yang.
What...
What did you just say?
I...
Han Gyul's not Lee So Won's kid,
but your daughter?
Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying.
Because she's so young,
she wants to call her granddaughter.
My gosh.
I may not be educated,
but I understand words fast.
My senses are faster than the light.
Look.
If she's your daughter, she's your daughter.
Why would So Won interfere...
when he has nothing to do with it?
This is very suspicious.
Mrs. Yang. Don't be.
There's nothing to be suspicious of.
I'll explain everything. Don't misunderstand.
Let me explain.
She said she's ashamed to raise such a young child,
so out of anger,
I told her to give the child to So Won.
Since Yeon Ju has a trouble getting pregnant,
we were going to make them raise the child,
but she kept going on about it.
That's what happened. My gosh.
Do you get it now?
I said it out of anger.
Don't take it wrong.
No matter what other people say, Han Gyul's my daughter,
so I'll raise her...
Mr. Lee.
You know how much I like you, right?
Although you're stubborn as a bull,
you're tough, loyal, and cool.
Out of all, you don't deceive others.
That's what I like about you. You know that, right?
Stop making me a fool,
and tell me the truth.
Mrs. Yang. That's not it.
- What I told you is the truth... - Stop it!
Tell me!
What is the truth?
What are you hiding from me? Tell me the truth.
Now!
Tell me! What is it?
I'll tell you the truth.
- Honey. No. - Hey, So Won.
- So Won. - Hey. Stop, everyone.
Be quiet.
Go on.
Han Gyul... That kid...
is my daughter.
My gosh.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry, Mother.
- Mrs. Yang. - Mom.
Mrs. Yang. Mrs. Yang. Are you okay?
- Mrs. Yang. - My gosh.
- Mom. - How dare you...
My poor daughter.
Mom.
- My poor daughter. - Mom.
- My dear daughter. - Mom.
Mom.
Mom. Mom.
Here you are, Chairman Kevin.
It's good.
- Is this rose tea? - Yes, it is.
You must be a tea expert.
Do you remember that day?
The day I embarrassed myself in front of you.
Are you okay, Chairman Kevin?
Help me, please.
Yes. As you expected,
I was an alcoholic in the past.
I never drank...
after I quit drinking 17 years ago.
Every time I felt like drinking,
I ran a marathon or went out to a countryside.
I drank so many different kinds of tea instead.
That made me become a tea expert.
It must've been hard.
Is that why you often visited Bali?
That's right.
Every time I was stressed, I had to stop myself from craving for drinks.
Every time that happened,
I stayed in Bali to recover myself and hid my identity.
Are you cured now?
There's no cure for an alcoholic.
It's like having a bomb inside me.
Even just a drop can ruin everything.
Alcohol ruined my life.
It made the person I love leave me.
It made my life lonely.
I don't know why I'm telling you this.
It might be because you're like my son.
From time to time, I think if the person who left me gave birth,
the child would be like you.
It's of course a sad imagination.
A child only causes a headache.
When you get old, friends are better than your child.
We'll be your friends.
Me too, Chairman Kevin.
If you ever get stressed, call me anytime.
We'll make you laugh.
Okay. I'll look forward to our next meeting.
Only if you don't disappoint me...
in the new menu development.
- Sure. - Sure.
I had no choice but to tell Choi Sun Young when she came back.
I told her Hwa Young's real name and her life in the US.
Come out right after you show her the picture.
What if Grandma gives me the money for your beauty classes?
Can I take it?
Whatever. It's up to you.
I know you want it.
Let's share it evenly without Dad knowing.
Let's go.
Dad.
What are you doing here?
That's what I want to ask you.
What are you two doing here?
Give it to me.
Grandma said she needs it to help Tae Yang.
She said she needs to know his real father to protect him.
You guys!
What did I tell you?
I told you to stay away from her.
Stay in the car.
I'll deal with you two when we get home.
Let's go.
This is the money for the beauty classes.
Put more money in it.
They're only students.
Are students aliens?
There's something I learned from life.
You can buy everything with money,
even their hearts.
I need to feed them enough to keep them beside me.
Are you disappointed because it's not the kids?
I guess they're kids after all.
They just had to tell you because they couldn't handle it.
Is this what you wanted?
What are you doing?
Are you using the kids now?
Let me give you an advice for the last time because I feel bad...
that you're becoming despicable.
I don't know why you're digging up Hwa Young's past,
but you will not gain anything.
Not at all.
I'm sure that she's a criminal.
That's why she ran away to Korea and lived unregistered...
when she could live normally as Anna Kang.
Then dig her past harder.
We have nothing to fear even if you do.
Do you know why?
Whatever happened in her past...
is all over now.
Really?
Then let us go to the end,
and find out who's telling the truth.
Where did I see him from? He looks familiar.
Is he...?
Gosh.
That's right.
I was right. He's definitely Go Jung Do.
What is he doing here?
Does he know...
someone from my company?
It's that man.
Are you done with the sauce?
Yes, it's done.
It's not bad.
Is the meat cooked?
I know that.
I'll try it.
It's cooked if it's hot when you put...
this chopstick on your face after poking the meat.
Really? I didn't know that.
That's interesting.
Try it on my face.
Gosh.
Is it overcooked?
Did I burn you?
It stings so much.
- What should I do? - Blow on me.
- What? - Hurry up and blow.
You had onions and ginger.
Seriously, why do you always tease me?
Because it's fun.
Who will I tease if it's not you?
You're not going to fool me again.
Here.
It's okay. I'm not going to try it.
It's bossam that will melt in your mouth.
Do you still think you don't eat a lot?
It's really melting and disappearing from my mouth.
How is the sauce?
Honestly, it could be better.
It's a little ordinary.
Tomorrow's the first evaluation.
Do you mean that we have to start all over again?
We still have 12 hours left.
The sauce is...
They're having the time of their lives.
Are they there to have fun?
Will they make the sauce again for the rest of the night?
Do we have to stay up all night here?
We can wait...
and just see the results. Just the results.
Copy the project proposal and bring it to me tomorrow.
Are you sure...
that this won't affect me at all?
Trust me.
It won't, but if something goes wrong,
I'll compensate you for everything.
How is it?
It's a success.
That's good.
Han Gyul is...
my daughter.
My poor Yeon Ju.
Goodness. That idiot.
He was always good at obeying me.
He's intent on ruining his life after so long.
Mrs. Yang probably want to divorce them.
How should I handle this?
Mother, how are you feeling?
Get out of here. I don't want to see your handsome face.
I'm sorry, Mother.
How long were you having an affair with...
the child's mother?
I was in a relationship with her for three years in college,
and broke up with her while I was in the military.
We lost contact after that.
But the child appeared out of the blue...
a while ago.
So you...
already had a flaw of having a child before you married my daughter.
This is a fraudulent marriage.
I know that this sounds like an excuse,
but I wouldn't have married Yeon Ju if I knew I had a child.
Why did that woman give birth to that child secretly...
if she couldn't raise her?
If she gave birth,
she should've been responsible for the child.
How could she abandon...
her child to a perfectly happy family?
I'm really sorry.
I will take responsibility for this issue regarding the child.
Take responsibility, my foot.
You have nothing to say for yourself.
Just wait for my decision.
I just want you to divorce my daughter right now.
I don't want to see you right now.
Get out of here, you two-faced jerk.
The old sayings are never wrong.
Handsome people make you pay for their beauty.
This means divorce.
This mean divorce 100 percent.
Why did you call me?
Really?
Fine. There's something I want to say. Let's meet.
What are you doing, Han Gyul?
Are you going to work, Sister?
I'm not your sister anymore. I'm your aunt.
Say Aunt.
Aunt.
It's so awkward. Is it awkward for you too?
I got you a gift, Han Gyul. Do you want to see it?
Close your eyes.
Open your eyes.
What's this?
This goes on your head.
You never tried it before?
Do you want me to help you?
Here.
You're so beautiful.
Do you want to look in the mirror?
Here.
My goodness. What's that?
You look like a princess, Han Gyul.
She never tried such things before.
Don't worry.
Grandma and Aunt will get you many hairpins.
What about Dad? Will you get one for Dad too?
Of course. Dad too.
Mom. What's So Won going to do?
If he gets swayed by Dad again, he's no human at all.
Whatever happens, I must help him take care of Han Gyul.
What is it? Why did you call me?
I need to talk to you. Sit down.
Write it down.
Hurry.
A memorandum.
I, Hong Young Hye, swear to the followings.
What are you doing?
Just write it down.
It won't harm you. Write it down.
(Memorandum)
After this moment,
Regardless of Lee So Won's relation to her,
I, Hong Young Hye, will raise Oh Han Gyul.
Aren't you going to write it down?
Give up now.
Even Mrs. Yang knows it.
What are you trying to hide by making me write this?
It's over now,
so please get over it.
Are you saying you can't write it?
No, I can't.
No, I won't.
- Hey, come here. - Let me go.
- Write it down. Sit. - My gosh.
- Write it now. - Let me go.
My gosh.
You're insane!
Hey, Hong Young Hye.
Are you seriously going to do this?
Even until the last moment,
I squeezed my brain out...
to figure out a way to save our son all night.
Are you going to be all selfish?
How can you call yourself a mother?
Get a grip.
Do you think raising Han Gyul...
will help So Won?
This all happened because you abandoned...
the pregnant girl six years ago. Can't you see it?
You have no right to order So Won around.
What you're doing isn't helping him.
You're only pushing him off the cliff and ruining him.
What did you say?
What about you? What have you done for him?
You're the one who ruined not just my life,
but also his life.
If you just accepted it when I said...
that Han Gyul's my daughter and that there's some deep meaning behind,
this would've never happened.
Listen, Lee Shin Mo.
I don't want to listen to you.
That's not all.
When they found out that she's So Won's daughter,
any normal moms would beg their daughters-in-law...
that they'll raise the kid,
but you just couldn't wait to ruin everything.
This would've never happened...
if you didn't take Han Gyul to the bazaar.
You're the one to blame for So Won's divorce.
Were you trying to calm Mrs. Yang...
by making me write this?
Yes. This is the only way to save So Won.
Mrs. Yang's a cool woman.
If I tell her everything that happened,
she'll extenuate and forgive us.
What we have left is Han Gyul...
They won't accept her, so I should raise her?
Why not?
That way, you can atone for your sin.
Also, you can fulfill the duty as a mom for the last time.
If you still have any mother's affection left,
write as I say. Write it.
Fine.
I can raise her with no problem.
Good.
At least you have conscience.
My gosh. This is driving me crazy.
The thought of facing the shameless people...
suffocates me.
Whatever. I don't care.
Hold on.
What's important now?
My daughter's fate is up to me.
Darn it. Let's face them.
(I, Hong Young Hye, swear to the followings.)
Okay. Great.
This will persuade Mrs. Yang.
Who is it?
Are we expecting a guest?
Mrs. Yang. Hello.
I'm here because Ms. Yang called.
Why did you...
tell her to come all the way here? What are you going to tell her?
She's already in shock. That's so thoughtless of you.
I'm sorry for bugging you.
Please accept my apology.
No thanks.
Our children's marriage is over.
They're on the verge of getting divorced.
I wouldn't just ignore this as a mother.
You're very generous.
I'm sure you'd be in a high rank position if you were a man.
I don't want to hear any of your sly compliments.
We don't even feel comfortable facing each other.
Are we going to sit down or what?
- Let's sit. - Yes.
I know you're tired, so I'll make it brief.
What are you doing standing there?
Bring some tea.
It's fine!
I'm about to cough blood out.
Why would I drink tea with you?
Sit down, and get to the point.
My opinion is also her opinion.
You can talk to me alone.
No.
There's something I want to say.
What? What's wrong with you?
Who's going to start first?
Do you want me to get to the conclusion?
No, no. There is an order for everything.
I'll start first.
First of all, I'd like to say sorry.
I'm ashamed and sorry.
I don't know what to say.
As So Won's father,
I sincerely beg your forgiveness.
I don't need crocodile tears.
My goodness.
You tried to fool me...
like a marble in your hand.
Were you planning to deceive me...
if I didn't hear it that day?
Not at all.
I was trying my best to minimize the damage on you...
and work it out peacefully.
Have you heard how this happened?
So?
My son...
never meant to hide it to intentionally hurt Yeon Ju.
The mistake he committed before he got married...
finally broke out after six years.
I know it hurt Yeon Ju so much after all,
but I think she can understand it if she tries.
What you're saying is he didn't do anything wrong,
so just take it as it is?
Are you siding with your son?
No. That's not it.
Don't make it worse. Stay quiet.
I'll do the talking now.
Mrs. Yang.
Think of why you're here.
Aren't we gathered here to help our kids in any means possible?
We have to admit...
So Won and Yeon Ju didn't get along at first,
but now,
they were about to work it out.
That's... That's why... Oh, my.
That's why it's upsetting me.
Right. I feel bad too.
Honestly,
even though So Won is my son,
I know he's not very friendly.
He became even colder after he failed his first love.
I'm sure it wasn't easy for him to open up like this.
Stop talking gibberish.
That's not why I'm here.
What's your point?
Tell me what this is about.
My point is whatever it takes,
we should help them stay together.
Right. That's the answer.
That's your opinion.
What about my dear daughter's life?
To be honest,
my daughter's just a little behind the education,
but why would such a young girl...
raise someone else's child, as if she lacks in something?
I thought about it over and over again,
but there's no answer to this.
This is unacceptable.
I know. I know,
but think about their future...
That's why it's driving me crazy.
Why does Yeon Ju have to do that?
It's not like raising a puppy.
Raising someone else's child...
isn't a piece of cake.
Tell me, Ms. Hong.
My daughter's about to vomit blood.
Tell me what you can do.
My goodness. Why are you quiet?
I told you to speak up.
Hurry up. Say it.
What...
What's this?
I, Hong Young Hye, swear to the followings.
"Regardless of Lee So Won's relation to her,"
"I, Hong Young Hye, will raise Oh Han Gyul."
Is this true?
Of course. This is why she called you...
to come over.
We'll become Han Gyul's parents,
and never make you worry about her,
so please stop being angry,
and please forgive So Won.
My gosh. You stay quiet!
You're so noisy.
She's the one raising the kid,
so stay quiet, or go into your room.
Tell me, Ms. Hong.
Are you really going to do what it says on here?
Answer me.
Is this really what you want?
Oh, my. This is unbelievable.
This is quite a show you're putting on.
(Man Who Sets the Table)
I'm such a lucky guy who married a great lady.
Bravo.
Today, we will commemorate our wedding.
The person who stole the proposal is here.
Weren't you alone in the office?
Ms. Lee Ru Ri?
I'm going to tell Tae Yang.
I can't let him know that I tried to kill his father.
This will be my last card.
I want to live with you and your wife as soon as possible.
It's your choice.
Are you going to choose my daughter or your daughter?
No!